Add Taproot (#1036)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary-GeneralBitcoin.md

Users of this update do not break the rules of legacy users, but rather restrict themselves to a more narrow rule set.
:::

:::details
### Taproot

Taproot is an upgrade to Bitcoin which introduces several new features.

> Taproot integrates the Schnorr Digital Signature Scheme into Bitcoin, upgrading Bitcoin’s core cryptography.
> Taproot builts on the SegWit upgrade to improve Bitcoin’s privacy and lower transaction fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taproot integrates the Schnorr digital signature scheme into Bitcoin, upgrading Bitcoin’s core cryptography.
Taproot builds on the SegWit upgrade to improve Bitcoin’s privacy and lower transaction fees.
```

Users of this update do not break the rules of legacy users, but rather restrict themselves to a more narrow rule set.
:::

:::details
### Taproot

> Taproot is an upgrade to the Bitcoin consensus rules.
> The Taproot upgrade contains three distinct upgrades to the Bitcoin protocol: Schnorr Signatures, Taproot, and Tapscript.
> It was activitated via a softfork in 2021. 
> Taproot will set the stage for extra functionality to Bitcoin by optimizing scalability, privacy and smart contract functionality.
> The Taproot softfork adds another output type called "Pay to Taproot" (P2TR).

Reviewer 2: Trying to avoid tautology.
```suggestion
Taproot is an upgrade which was activitated via a softfork in 2021 to the Bitcoin consensus rules.
It set the stage for extra functionality to Bitcoin by optimizing scalability, privacy and smart contract functionality.
The Taproot upgrade contains three distinct upgrades to the Bitcoin protocol: Schnorr Signatures, Taproot, and Tapscript.
It also added another output type called "Pay to Taproot" (P2TR) and another address type that starts with "bc1p...".
```

Reviewer: This confuses me more than it helps me understand what Taproot is.

It says that Taproot is an upgrade, then it says Taproot contains three distinct upgrades and one of them is something called Taproot, and what is Tapscript?

Is it important to mention when it was activated?

Why not just simply:

```
Taproot is an upgrade to Bitcoin which introduced several new features.
Taproot integrated the Schnorr digital signature scheme into Bitcoin, upgrading Bitcoin’s core cryptography.
Taproot built on the SegWit upgrade to improve Bitcoin’s privacy and lower transaction fees.
Taproot made future Bitcoin upgrades easier by reforming Bitcoin’s scripting language.
```
